Added two new free courses of TypeScript. (#7970)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [ES6 and Typescript Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLC3y8-rFHvwhI0V5mE9Vu6Nm-nap8EcjV) - Codevolution, Vishwas Gopinath (YouTube)
* [Introduction to TypeScript](https://www.udemy.com/typescript/) - Daniel Stern (Udemy)
* [Learn TypeScript](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-typescript) - (CodeAcademy)

> * [TypeScript Course for Beginners- Learn TypeScript from Scratch!](https://youtu.be/BwuLxPH8IDs) - Academind (YouTube)
> * [TypeScript Fast Crash Course](https://www.udemy.com/typescript-fast-crash-course/) - Edwin Diaz, Coding Faculty Solutions (Udemy)
> * [TypeScript Tutorial for Beginners- 2022](https://youtu.be/d56mG7DezGs) - Programming with Mosh (YouTube)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [TypeScript Course for Beginners- Learn TypeScript from Scratch!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwuLxPH8IDs) - Academind (Youtube)
* [TypeScript Fast Crash Course](https://www.udemy.com/typescript-fast-crash-course/) - Edwin Diaz, Coding Faculty Solutions (Udemy)
* [TypeScript Tutorial for Beginners - 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d56mG7DezGs) - Programming with Mosh (Youtube)
```
